chore(debugger): Docs (#4145)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/how_to/debugger/debugging_with_the_repl.md

```
> memory
Unconstrained VM memory not available
> 
```

Before continuing, we can take a look at the initial witness map:

```
> witness
_0 = 1
_1 = 2
>
```

Cool, since `x==1`, `y==2`, and we want to check that `x != y`, our circuit should succeed. At this point we could intervene and use the witness setter command to change one of the witnesses. Let's set `y=3`, then back to 2, so we don't affect the expected result:

```
> witness
_0 = 1
_1 = 2
> witness 1 3
_1 = 3
> witness
_0 = 1
_1 = 3
> witness 1 2
_1 = 2
> witness
_0 = 1
_1 = 2
>
```

Now we can inspect the current state of local variables. For that we use the `vars` command. 

```
> vars
>
```

We currently have no vars in context, since we are at the entry point of the program. Let's use `next` to execute until the next point in the program.

```
> vars
> next
At ~/noir-examples/recursion/circuits/main/src/main.nr:1:20
  1 -> fn main(x : Field, y : pub Field) {
  2        assert(x != y);
  3    }
> vars
x:Field = 0x01
```

> As a result of stepping, we have now hydrated variable `x`, whose initial value comes from the witness map. 

Reviewer: What does it mean to "hydrate" `x`?

Author: I meant that it's now tracked by debugger, but I definitely see it's a bit of an arcane word choice. Will try to simplify :)

Author: Hopefully that's a bit clearer?

https://github.com/noir-lang/noir/pull/4145/commits/147b7d7d680c77d0315bf7e4410fce5a61a5d99e#diff-bcfff321a280415fea2e80447b8c878910193e6040a547b6ab479c1a161a0abeR138

  witness                          show witness map
  witness index:u32                display a single witness from the witness map
  witness index:u32 value:String   update a witness with the given value
  memset index:usize value:String  update a Brillig memory cell with the given
                                   value
  continue                         continue execution until the end of the
                                   program
  vars                             show variable values available at this point
                                   in execution
  stacktrace                       display the current stack trace
  memory                           show Brillig memory (valid when executing a
                                   Brillig block)
  registers                        show Brillig registers (valid when executing
                                   a Brillig block)
  regset index:usize value:String  update a Brillig register with the given
                                   value
  step                             step to the next ACIR opcode

Other commands:

  help  Show this help message
  quit  Quit repl

```

> The command menu is for the most part self-explanatory. Some commands operate only at Brillig level, such as `memory`, `memset`, `registers`, `regset`. If you try to use them while execution is paused at an ACIR opcode, the debugger will simply inform you that you are not executing Brillig code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some commands operate only for unconstrained functions, such as `memory`, `memset`, `registers`, `regset`. If you try to use them while execution is paused at an ACIR opcode, the debugger will simply inform you that you are not executing unconstrained code:
```
As much as I like the naming, I believe we're dropping "Brillig" in favour of the more self-explanatory name "unconstrained"

Author: I'll drop it from the docs explanations, but what's your opinion on the command descriptions show by the REPL itself?

For example:

`memory                           show Brillig memory (valid when executing a Brillig block)`

Some commands of the debugger are exposing the BrilligVM's internals, so the vocabulary for those will be kind of tricky to get right (it's one thing to talk about unconstrained code when explaining from Noir's perspective, but the semantic category of things like memory or registers doesn't match).
